Hello everyone, Sergei Board, and
now I want to tell you how
insert any mod script and textures to us
minecraft to trishin for this to us
need a program block launcher
It is available in the market for free and
paid version paid is not much
different therefore it makes no sense
buy
so come we see the menu is not yours
nothing unusual appears above
wrench icon to click on it
and you open inside the game
patch management here you can select
almost i mean mod script
take a screenshot and adjust longer
enter the text I put it somewhere here
settings lochira long vibrator no
sense touch control when you
turn the entire device
turns and management is the size
joystick this texture push the texture
across the Drabble heal the original
texture anus file
original texture will extract
use your siskin skin and
swaps off and on and on
disables all patches to all mods leaves
room to texture and they are activated
if the application woke up hide the button
Well, it is clear to include an experiment on
support come off such an addon as
raid but I now I have it in me
downloaded than this script support
click add local storage
This is the Avlos inside on the phone download
it is in badra and clipboard
link and there from the clipboard and so this
and I don't know what I said to say
the text here is actually all a short guide
so say everybody thank you all bye everyone
good luck also with my bills are whether there
subscribe put likes and
subscribe to my friend's channel
the link will be in the description and on the block
launcher, too, but in general
You can download the markers yourself as if to all
thank you all good luck everyone bye